readme.md, before:

Todo's
======
- Tip facebook pages via chrome
- Tests passing
- Badge works for authors to embed 
- Include honeybadger for javascript (so rad)
- Jobs scheduled
    - Charging fans 
    - copper:pages:adopt running on production
- Second click of tip button should show detailed overlay
- Welcome page h1 should cycle through
    - (artist|creator|blogger|musician|veteran)


Later shit
==========
- Messaging
    - Newsletter for existing customers
        - Stuff you might like
    - Setting to turn of newsletter
    - welcome fans to the service
    - Welcome artists to the service

- Order processing
    - artist welcome
    - artist onboarding


- Tiping cabin porn should work (JSON.parse is overwritten)

- email address
    - for ben, josh, laura

- Test facebook likes/stuff you might like against (some curated pages)

- First blog: copper manifesto
    - need to map what first 4 entries

- Ben/Laura review EULA/Privacy Policy  
  
---


The user agent
==============

All javascript and css files are collected Into a single 
js/css file that is instanceated (from cache) for each 
page load. Javascript and css are namespaced via the body tag

The body's id attribute is set to controller_action
```html
<body id="users_show">...</body>
```

To change the background color of the fans profile page
```css
#users_show {
  background-color: red
}
```

Each page can bind javascript to the page
```javascript
$(document).on('load.controller_action',function (event){})  
```

Bind a listener to the fans profile page load event
```javascript
$(document).on('load.users_show',function (event){})
```

Commit message:

page views now function like a badge would

readme.md, after:

Todo's
======
- Tip facebook pages via chrome

- tip from pages/:id
    - click the button should load tips/new into the page. 
    - copy the flow from embed_iframe.js
    
- Tests passing
- Badge works for authors to embed 
- Include honeybadger for javascript (so rad)
- Jobs scheduled
    - Charging fans 
    - copper:pages:adopt running on production
- Second click of tip button should show detailed overlay
- Welcome page h1 should cycle through
    - (artist|creator|blogger|musician|veteran)


Later shit
==========
- Messaging
    - Newsletter for existing customers
        - Stuff you might like
    - Setting to turn of newsletter
    - welcome fans to the service
    - Welcome artists to the service

- Order processing
    - artist welcome
    - artist onboarding


- Tiping cabin porn should work (JSON.parse is overwritten)

- email address
    - for ben, josh, laura

- Test facebook likes/stuff you might like against (some curated pages)

- First blog: copper manifesto
    - need to map what first 4 entries

- Ben/Laura review EULA/Privacy Policy  
  
---


The user agent
==============

All javascript and css files are collected Into a single 
js/css file that is instanceated (from cache) for each 
page load. Javascript and css are namespaced via the body tag

The body's id attribute is set to controller_action
```html
<body id="users_show">...</body>
```

To change the background color of the fans profile page
```css
#users_show {
  background-color: red
}
```

Each page can bind javascript to the page
```javascript
$(document).on('load.controller_action',function (event){})  
```

Bind a listener to the fans profile page load event
```javascript
$(document).on('load.users_show',function (event){})
```
